# Wednesday January 14, 2026

### Welcome Back!

* I'll discuss Experiment One, below. 
* Let's have an informal discussion about Zach's essays. 
* Let's have each of you briefly present your `project-i-admire`.
* A reminder that there's no class next Monday (MLK)
* Wednesday Jan 21 will be a work session (attendance is required).

---

### Upcoming: Experiment One

This semester, you are asked to conduct and present 4 Experiments (or *Sets* of experiments — up to you). Your presentations for these Experiments will take place in the third weeks of January, February, March, and April.

For each Experiment, you will be asked to **Document your work online**, either on GitHub or in a Medium post — where our standard for (*minimum viable, provisional*) documentation asks you to:

1. **Title** the work in some way. (You could come up with a clever name if you wish, but even something like "LIDAR Tinkering" is fine.)
2. **Write** a crisp sentence explaining what the project ***is***. This should be a sentence that someone else could use to describe your project well if they were talking about it in a hurry.
3. **Write** a sentence (or so) about your motivation. *Why* did you make this? What were you curious about, or what problem did you want to address, or whom did you make it for? 
4. **Write** a sentence (or so) about your inspiration(s) for the experiment, and **include** an image of whatever inspired you. If you were inspired by another artist, **cite** their work and **link** to it. *Someday, someone will cite yours*.
5. **Include** one or more images (photo, screenshot, etc) of your project. 
6. **Write** about some of the challenges you encountered, and how you approached them. **Show** some of your process in images and in writing. Please **consider** including images of "debug views", failures, etc.
7. If applicable, **create** time-based documentation of your Experiment (in the form of an animated GIF, or unlisted YouTube/Vimeo video), which you can then **link/embed** in your post.
8. Related to #4, be sure to **thank** anyone who helped you, and/or **acknowledge** others whose effort you built on. You may include a bibliography, if that's your style.
9. In the appropriate Discord channel (e.g. `experiment-1-link`), **link** to your online documentation.

#### NOTES: 

* Optionally, you may also privately share teasers of your work in the `experiment-1-progress` Discord channel. This channel is just a private space for us to share small progress and encourage each other with emojis.
* Later in the semester, there may also be other Discord channels for Experiments, in which I request a one-sentence preliminary proposal, or a one-sentence project update — these "check-in" waypoints are meant to keep you on track without distracting you from the real work.
* You do not have to produce *polished, finished* online documentation in time for your presentation date, but your documentation must have all 8 of the above components in order to have minimum viability. 
* The documentation for your Experiments should not live on my Discord! Don't trust me! Instead, it should live on a public GitHub or Medium page that you control.
* You'll be expected to give a 5-minute presentation about your Experiment in class. Your online GitHub or Medium page will serve as the "slides" for your presentation. 
* Whether or not you choose to share your code is up to you. If you do include your code, you'll always know where to find it in the future.
* Some nice examples of online documentation include Zach Lieberman's [*Más Que la Cara*](https://zachlieberman.medium.com/m%C3%A1s-que-la-cara-overview-48331a0202c0) project, and Robert Hodgin's [*Meander*](https://roberthodgin.com/project/meander). 



---

### Presentation Dates

*Information as of 1/14/26, 2:50am:*

* January Presentations: **Experiment One**
  * `M Jan 26` - Aren, Christy, Dario, Leslie, Lorie, Nestor, Suanna
  * `W Jan 28` - Carina, Jeffrey, Merlin, Vincent, Willie, Xiao
* February Presentations: **Experiment Two**
  * `M Feb 23` - Aren, Dario, Leslie, Lorie, Nestor, Suanna, Xiao
  * `W Feb 25` - Carina, Christy, Jeffrey, Merlin, Vincent, Willie
* March Presentations: **Experiment Three**
  * `M Mar 23` - Carina, Christy, Dario, Leslie, Lorie, Merlin, Suanna, Xiao
  * `W Mar 25` - Aren, Jeffrey, Nestor, Vincent, Willie
* April Presentations: **Experiment Four**
  * `M Apr 20` - Aren, Christy, Dario, Leslie, Merlin, Suanna
  * `W Apr 22` - Carina, Jeffrey, Lorie, Nestor, Vincent, Willie, Xiao
* *Final Show TBA (??)*

---

### Lecture: Telematic Art

Inspired by conversations from some of Monday's consultations (Merlin, Suanna), I will give a presentation about [networked and telematic art](https://github.com/golanlevin/lectures/tree/master/lecture_telematic).

---

### Consultations

Golan will resume 1:1 consultations — beginning with Leslie, Jeffrey, and Nestor. 

---
*EOF*



